# Service Profile: Ordinary Gazette Notification for Name Change
- **SNo**: 
- **Service ID**: 201
- **Department**: Government Printing and Stationery Department
- **SLA**: 29 Days
- **Time Limit**: 29 Days
- **Contact Details**: Sewa Setu Kendra

## Fee and Application Details
- **Kiosk/Center Fee**: ₹30.0
- **Online Application Fee**: ₹30.0
- **Fee Information details**: Where to Apply? Sewa Setu Kendra : ₹30.0 Online : ₹30.0

## Required Documents
- Category [1]: The Original Copy Of A Challan Of ₹ 430/- From Any Branch Of The State Bank Of India. (Head – 0058 Printing And Stationery, 102 Publication Of Gazette, Etc., And Other Receipts). (Mandatory/अनिवार्य: Yes)
  * Option 1.1: The Original Copy Of A Challan Of ₹ 430/- From Any Branch Of The State Bank Of India. (Head – 0058 Printing And Stationery, 102 Publication Of Gazette, Etc., And Other Receipts).
- Category [2]: A Notarized Affidavit In Form-Iii On A ₹ 50 Non-Judicial Stamp Paper(Should Not Be More Than 03 Months Old From The Date Of Application). (Mandatory/अनिवार्य: Yes)
  * Option 2.1: A Notarized Affidavit In Form-Iii On A ₹ 50 Non-Judicial Stamp Paper(Should Not Be More Than 03 Months Old From The Date Of Application). (Format/प्रारूप: https://sewasetu.cgstate.gov.in/resources/docFormat/23842.pdf)
- Category [3]: The Original Copy Of The Publication Of The Notice For Name Change In Form-I In A Local Newspaper(Should Not Be More Than 03 Months Old From The Date Of Application). (Mandatory/अनिवार्य: Yes)
  * Option 3.1: The Original Copy Of The Publication Of The Notice For Name Change In Form-I In A Local Newspaper (Should Not Be More Than 03 Months Old From The Date Of Application). (Format/प्रारूप: https://sewasetu.cgstate.gov.in/resources/docFormat/23843.pdf)
- Category [4]: The Original Copy Of The Deed Form In Form-Ii With The Names, Signatures And Addresses Of 02 Witnesses. (Mandatory/अनिवार्य: Yes)
  * Option 4.1: Other Document 2
  * Option 4.2: Other Document 1 (Format/प्रारूप: https://sewasetu.cgstate.gov.in/resources/docFormat/23848.pdf)
- Category [5]: Old Name & New Name Verification Document (Mandatory/अनिवार्य: Yes)
  * Option 5.1: Old Name & New Name Verification Document
- Category [6]: All Types Of Documents/Identity Cards/Ids That Have Been Mentioned In The Affidavit. (Mandatory/अनिवार्य: Yes)
  * Option 6.1: All Types Of Documents/Identity Cards/Ids That Have Been Mentioned In The Affidavit.
- Category [7]: Identity card of the applicant issued by the government (Mandatory/अनिवार्य: Yes)
  * Option 7.1: Identity card of the applicant issued by the government
- Category [8]: Identity card of witnesses issued by the government (Mandatory/अनिवार्य: Yes)
  * Option 8.1: Identity card of witnesses issued by the government